Ah, it's hard for me to control my reactions when I'm around you, but there's no need to be afraid.
I've heard rumours, but I choose to believe what I see.
I think you're honest. Thanks.
As long as I don't fool for him, there's nothing to fear.
I admit, I've never been in love, so when you said that sex between two people is best when they're in love,
I don't really know what you mean by that. And to be frank, I'm too lazy to care.
At least he's sincere. That's way less than flattery.
Since I'm here, I'm going to have to release this pressure, so you should leave unless you want to stay.
I know I'm a heartthrob. How could he reject this?
Yes.
I hit the diamond cuffbones we bought in this bouquet and booked the restaurants.
I wish you and your husband a wonderful evening.
Frank, I'm actually meeting with my husband to discuss art.
I think it's finally time for you to talk to Frank and invite him to move in with you.
What? Frank. Frank! Frank Clark!
You can remember your husband's name.
I'm Frank Clark. I've been working here for...